Point to known-issues if COU execution fails (#383)
canonical/charmed-openstack-upgrader: docs/reference/known-issues.rst

Potential known upgrade bugs and non-standard procedures are listed in the OpenStack Charm Guide:

- `Issues, charm procedures, and OpenStack upgrade notes`_

Manila Ganesha
--------------

> The manila-ganesha_ charm was wrongly tracking the version of ceph package instead of the manila
> and an error like this can happen when running COU:
> 
> .. code:: bash
> 
>     [WARNING] Not possible to find the charm manila-ganesha in the lookup
>     [ERROR] 'manila-ganesha' with workload version 17.1.0 has no compatible OpenStack release.
> 
> In that case ,refresh the current channel of the charm to receive the fix and then run COU again.

Reviewer: I think the link to the bug should be made more prominent
```suggestion
Certain versions of the manila-ganesha charm incorrectly report their workload version, which can lead to false positive COU errors resembling the following one:

.. code:: bash

    [WARNING] Not possible to find the charm manila-ganesha in the lookup
    [ERROR] 'manila-ganesha' with workload version 17.1.0 has no compatible OpenStack release.

See `bug 2060751`_ for details.

If affected, refresh the manila-ganesha charm to its most recent version (within the same channel) and re-run COU.
```

.. LINKS:
.. _Issues, charm procedures, and OpenStack upgrade notes: https://docs.openstack.org/charm-guide/latest/project/issues-and-procedures.html

> .. _manila-ganesha: https://bugs.launchpad.net/charm-manila-ganesha/+bug/2060751

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _bug 2060751: https://bugs.launchpad.net/charm-manila-ganesha/+bug/2060751
```
